Adding the 1.44 Release Notes (#7839)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-integration.md

## August 2024

### Version 1.44

<!-- 2024-08-26 -->

#### New features and enhancements

- Added a new setting in the account default settings under CI named ‘Upload Logs Via Harness’, allowing customers to route CI step execution logs through Harness’ log service instead uploading them directly from the build environment. This was previously behind a feature flag, but is now available for all users. (CI-13647)

#### Fixed issues

> - Due to Docker rate limiting, `CI_ENABLE_BASE_IMAGE_DOCKER_CONNECTOR` must be enabled whenever a base image connector is used (CI-13924, ZD-68737)

Reviewer: missing "."

> - For SMP customers the getting started purchase flow for CI has been removed from the side navigation as it is not relevant for SMP customers. (CI-13821)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For SMP customers, the 'getting started' purchase flow for CI has been removed from the side navigation as it is not relevant for SMP customers. (CI-13821)
```

> - Fixed an issue where the plugin image url was incorrect when the registry url had a port configured. This issue occurred because everything after : was being considered as the tag of the image, leading to an invalid Fully Qualified Name (FQN) and causing the Initialize step to fail in the Kubernetes flow. The fix ensures that the FQN is properly considered when the registry endpoint includes a port number. (CI-13770, ZD-66772)

Reviewer: is it after the first ":" ?

Author: I think so, should I add "everything after the first :"?
